# Virtual Classroom mockup
## Strategy 
### Audience Objective
SaaS businesses with Educational Values that are looking for developers with essential Front-end skills, including CSS and HTML.

### Important Contraints
This is being completed by a single developer working within the limit of roughly 50 hours. HTML and CSS should therefore be main focus. The platform and client are fictional in order to focus on the need for front-end skills.

### Platform Objective: 
Hoverboard is a startup company that has developed a virtual classroom software, they are looking for users to trial their software by request-only. They want to communicate an authoritative but playful tone.  

### Client Objective: 
The client has heard of the startup company, they may be an educational body or a school. They may need to be persuaded that Hoverboard is a potential virtual classroom.

The Client wants the site to perform some/all of these actions.
- read about the platform's features
- check the credentials
- leave details to request a trial

### Inspiration
SeeSaw https://web.seesaw.me/ A truly excellent platform with forward thinking features. Students are able to upload their classwork, can comment on students' work, teacher's can quickly assess. The website is efficient, user friendly, intuitively designed.

ClassCharts - Very good user interface/ UX. Notable features: teachers can see their students visually on a seating plan.

SatchelOne https://www.teamsatchel.com/ - Homework with deadlines on a calendar. Seating plan is virtual as well.

Brainstation.io - This website's use of Landing videos and ticker effect is very visually appealing.

## Features to include
### All Pages
All features will be designed with HTML, CSS, Opensource images/ videos. More indirectly, Canva and CapCut will be used to create graphics and videos.

#### Logo with Floating Navigation Bar. 
Includes Logo on left (Canva)

Navigation bar links to Home, Explore our Features and Book a Free Trial. (HTML)

Hamburger appears below 600px. Link highlights & animates upon hover. (CSS)

#### Footer

### Home Page

#### Landing video with slogan.
Video collage of children using computers, classroom settings, children doing homework, children being happy on comptuer, parent's using computer. (Capcut, Opensource video)


Slogan "Let's supercharge our Learning". Large and overlapping. (HTML,CSS)

#### Introduction of Platform.
Heading: "Hoverboard is an all-in-one platform for forward-thinking schools transitioning to the digital revolution."

Paragraph: More than ever, schools are in need to function efficiently and effectively to meet the needs of our students. That's why we've created Hoverboard.

Images with arrows to flick through. Hover with arrow.

#### Introduction of Features. 
Heading: "Collaborate, Communicate, Celebrate". 

Images: Artwork being shared online, Learning Objectives set in classwork, pupil of the week.

Caption: Each has a caption summarising in one sentence what Hoverboard can do.

Link: Click here to find out more about our features.

#### 6 Testimonials from different schools.
Include teacher's picture, Each testimonial has a Staff picture, testimonial message

### Hoverboard features
This page introduces the client to Hoverboard's features. It is divided into 3 features each seperated by a different colour. 

Hovering over the image offers a specific caption for what is happening. Students at X school promote their news website. A student uploads their homework.

Heading: Celebrate outcomes with highlighted work, news pages, merits.

Heading: Communicate with parents and students about their progress, with customised feedback.

Heading: Collaborate with live-lessons, allowing students to share their work instantly.

#### Book a free trial today. 
Form request with phone number. School.


### Structure, Skeleton and Surface


## Testing
### Fixed bugs
Documented here LINK

### Validator Testing (template state)

- HTML
  - No errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator](LINK)

- CSS
  - No errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator](LINK)

### Unfixed Bugs

## Deployment

The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:

- In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab
- From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master Branch
- Once the master branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment.

The live link can be found here - [LINK](LINK)

## Credits

### Content

- Much of the text content for this school was generated by ChatGPT. [LINK](LINK) to results here.
- The icons were taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

### Media

- The photos used on the home and sign-up page are from these open-source sites:
  - Unsplash
  - Pexels
- The videos used are from Pexels.
